[RYOMA]
Huh?
A cleaner slime ate charcoal?
Are you serious right now?
Afraid so.
I'm sorry to spring that
on you when you only
just returned.
Not what you wanted
to hear, I'm sure.
Back when you placed some
charcoal in the kitchen,
you mentioned that it
had positive effects,
such as cleaning the air
and decreasing humidity.
[RYOMA]
Uh-huh.
So, we put some
in the laundry room.
Figured why not spread
those benefits around?
If we all get cleaner air,
the slimes should too.
[RYOMA]
Then one ate their air purifier.
Right.
Miss Maria noticed it gradually
started eating less
laundry grime after charcoal
was introduced to its diet.
That's what's concerning.
Raises an eyebrow, yeah.
Apologies.
You left me in charge
in your absence.
The blame is mine alone.
Oh, don't worry.
We don't have to play
the blame game.
Actually, I'm grateful,
if anything,
since this is something that
could've gone unnoticed,
but didn't.
It's fine. A natural part
of slime taming,
'cause that cleaner
slime's about to evolve!
It's evolving? Are you certain?
[RYOMA]
Yes!
Slimes often gain new
abilities and dietary habits
during their evolution process.
I'll take care of that
little guy for now,
but please let me know if
you see any other slimes
behaving strangely.
Sure!
I'll keep my eyes peeled.
I also may start logging
everything they eat.
[ELIARIA] Dear Mister Ryoma,
always so nice to hear from you.
A cleaner slime is evolving
into something else?
What a surprising development!
I wonder what kind of abilities
this new slime will have.
Be sure to let me know once it
finally makes the transition!
That story about the magic item
market was intriguing as well.
I've never been myself,
so if you do end up going,
please write to me
about your experience.
I look forward to that
particular letter!
Until then, stay busy
and brilliant!
Well, you aren't
the only one, Elia.
I'm intrigued by
the market, too.
But I've got obligations,
so what can I do?
[CALLUM]
You asked to see me, Manager?
Yes, I did.
I'd like to discuss something
that's more personal
than business related.
Well, that would be a first.
Please, continue.
I'm thinking I should pay
my hometown a little visit.
I left some family
heirlooms behind.
They belonged to
my grandparents.
So, in order to
prepare for the trip,
I want to focus more on
my adventuring work.
Meaning, I'll be needing
someone to pick up the slack.
Ah, I get it.
Adventure away, sir.
I'll keep the shop
in tiptop shape.
Though, I'm curious.
What part of the world
do you call home?
And what must be done
in order to prepare?
I gotta level up.
Not easy gettin' through
the Great Forest of Schluss.
Umm, your whole face melted
in the blink of an eye.
Oh. I hope I didn't offend you.
Guess I was thrown
for a bit of a loop.
Manager, how in the
world are you still alive?
[RYOMA] The Great Forest does
have a certain reputation, huh.
[CALLUM] They say that
the only thing as dense
as its undergrowth is
its monster population.
It's one of the most dangerous
places in all of Seilfall.
The fact I'm sitting here
with you is nothing short
of a miracle.
[chuckles] That's why I don't
intend to head back
until my Adventurer's Guild
rank is high enough
to consider me qualified.
Who knows how long
it'll be before I actually
make my way out there.
Something tells me
you won't budge on this,
so I won't try to argue.
But please, do everything
within your power
to prepare yourself
as well as possible, sir.
Right. Always been the plan.
Honestly!
That's why my next
stop's the guild.
Gonna discuss this
with them as well!
You said you were okay with
taking care of the shop.
Would you still be okay with
it if that starts right now?
[CALLUM]
Yes, of course.
Best of luck to you, sir.
Hm? Ryoma!
What a surprise.
Come to scope out jobs?
Yep.
Both of my laundry shops
are running smoothly,
so I figured it'd be an
optimal time to focus more
on adventure work.
Excellent!
Glad things are going so well!
Now, as for what
we can offer you...
[RYOMA]
Before I look at jobs,
there's something
I'd like to discuss.
If you're not too busy, that is.
Let's hear it, then.
I'm never too busy for you.
[PAENA]
I-I said no!
[ADVENTURER A]
Come on.
--One little ol' drink...
--Oh, dear.
Hold that thought, okay?
[ADVENTURER A]
So whaddya say?
All right, guys.
Leave her alone.
Bear in mind she's on the clock.
Oh, hey!
How goes, Miss Maylene?
Sorry about that.
I wasn't trying to
overstep any lines.
This is a workplace, gentlemen,
not an all-you-can-chat café.
If you have jobs, do them!
Right.
Is there some kind of problem?
Mm-hmm. Nothing big, though.
First, allow me
to introduce you.
She started just last week.
Goes by the lovely name Paena.
Um! Yes, that's me!
Nice to make your acquaintance!
Thanks, nice to make yours, too.
Name's Ryoma. Ryoma Takebayashi.
As for the
aforementioned problem,
Paena's what you might
call a bit of a pushover.
Harsh, but true.
But with time,
she'll overcome it.
Experience often
improves confidence!
So could you address your
issue with Paena instead?
I'll be there to supervise,
of course.
That's fine.
We all start out somewhere.
[PAENA]
R-Right.
So, we shall assist
you however we can.
Well, about my work
here going forward.
I have a specific goal
for myself in mind:
leveling up from
rank E to rank C.
Though it won't be quick,
it can't be too slow.
If it helps...
I made a list of the monsters
I'm aiming to slay
on future jobs.
[PAENA]
Let me take a look.
Calif monkeys and
mad salamanders,
as well as treants.
You know that some
of these aren't suited
for E-rank members, right?
[RYOMA] Yeah. That's why I won't
take em on till I raise my rank.
I mainly gave you that
list so I could at least
get information on them
in the meantime.
You do that, right?
Keep records on all
different kinds of monsters
and environments?
We do!
What exactly would
you like to know?
That is the question.
I think learning basic things
like biology and habitat
are a must, based on
whatever's most up to date.
Right. We can do that for you.
Oh, and, um--
I wanna know more about
the Great Forest of Schluss.
Give me anything you have
on monsters in that area.
Why?
Don't tell me,
is that your goal?
To one day fight your way
through that deathtrap?
Yeah, and here's why.
[MAYLENE]
I see.
Your grandparents' heirlooms
must be quite precious.
I'm sorry, Ryoma.
I shouldn't have questioned
you without learning
your reasons first.
And since you're willing to take
the necessary precautions
before you head out,
we have no right
to prevent you from going.
Just be careful.
Don't you worry, I will be.
You remember what I taught you?
About drafting contracts?
[PAENA]
Yes. Of course!
[MAYLENE]
I've known you for a while now,
but I had no idea you
grew up in that forest.
Kinda hard to bring up.
So you know Schluss?
Mm-hmm. Only because
of my job, but yes.
And, well, it does
explain a few things.
[RYOMA]
What do you mean?
I mean how your
abilities are so high.
You're far too capable
compared to other kids
around your age.
But then, if you grew up
in the Great Forest
of Schluss, you'd have
to be that skilled.
[PAENA]
Thank you for waiting!
That was quick!
Miss Maylene, will you
make sure I did it right?
Yes.
Looks just fine to me.
Better to be safe than sorry.
Here's your contract,
Mister Ryoma.
Please take a brief
moment to look it over
and sign if everything
is in order.
Well, Miss Paena,
we have ourselves a deal.
There you are.
Should be good to go.
[PAENA] Pleasure doing
business with you, sir!
Here. It's your proof
of the exchange.
You'll need to show this when
receiving the documents,
so I'd try not to lose it.
[RYOMA]
Better heed that advice.
Into the Item Box.
[MAYLENE] That takes care
of your first order of business.
Did you want to accept a job?
No pressure or anything.
Though, if you did
take on a job or two,
you would certainly be helping
out the Adventurer's Guild.
Sure, I don't mind.
It can even be a little
tougher than I'm used to.
Something with the potential
to raise my rank faster
without demanding
much time would be ideal.
[MAYLENE] A short-term job
that might enable you
to climb the ranks quickly.
Ooh! In that case...
[RYOMA]
Speaking of quick!
I very much appreciate
your patience.
D-Do you think this job
might meet your criteria?
Well, let's see here.
Delivery for a parcel?
Destination:
the town of Keleban.
That's weird, the time limit
just says "as soon as possible."
Um... That's correct.
They had a whole
carriageful of wares,
but set out before realizing
they forgot something.
So, really they hope to
get it by noon the day
after tomorrow.
The day after tomorrow?
Why make such an
unfeasible request?
Well it's quicker than waiting
for another carriage,
and they aren't docking
pay for delays.
Earlier I noticed you were,
um, using space magic.
So I, uh, thought maybe you
could make it there on time?
Too presumptuous?
Not at all!
As far as I'm concerned,
you've done everything right
from the moment we sat down.
It wasn't a fluke.
She always goes above
and beyond like this.
I don't understand
why she acts so timidly
when she should
be nothing but sure!
I'm so sorry.
[RYOMA]
Don't be.
You brought me a job
I can't help but accept!
Oh? Thanks for being
up to the task!
[RYOMA]
Keleban.
That's the town where
Mister Serge said the magic
item market is being held.
I wanted to go anyway,
so maybe this is a sign!
[PAENA]
I'm happy. I'm timid. I'm Paena.
[MAYLENE] I could have told a
great story if I had 30 seconds,
but I only have five.
[GATEKEEPER]
Greetings! Welcome to Keleban.
[RYOMA]
Thank you very much, sir.
Can't believe how crowded it is!
Well, tomorrow is the
first day of a market.
A magic items market,
if you didn't know.
[RYOMA] The way you said that
makes it sound like there are
other types of markets.
[GATEKEEPER]
There are!
We hold six different
ones a year!
Central square is gonna
be packed with food stalls
and people participating
in the event!
[RYOMA] I get the feeling
I'm gonna enjoy this trip.
Dinome's Magic Item Workshop.
This is it!
Break out the Item Box!
Hey, anybody home?
Sorry to intrude!
Door was open,
so I let myself in!
[DINOME]
Yeah, that's kinda how it works.
What's a little kid
like you doin' here?
I'm on official Adventurer's
Guild business.
Got a package addressed to you.
Just sign here, please.
Then it's yours.
Wow! I thought it would
be late, for sure!
Well, I'll be a calif
monkey's great uncle!
Much obliged, young man.
Always happy to be of service.
Thank you, I'll excuse myself.
[DINOME]
Before you go...
You came all the way
from Gimul, right?
Stay for some tea
if you aren't in a hurry.
Here.
[RYOMA]
'Preciate it.
Wait a second.
This tastes more like
coffee than it does tea.
This is delicious, sir.
What kind of tea is it, though?
The kind made from the
root of a dante flower.
It's supposedly
excellent for your health.
[RYOMA] If dante is derived
from Dandelion coffee,
then this is another
Earth-inspired commodity.
[RYOMA]
That hit the spot.
[DINOME]
Good.
Thanks again for
the package, son.
[RYOMA]
You're very welcome.
Ah! Well, look
who's finally here!
Come on in, Mister Serge!
Huh?
Why, Mister Ryoma!
[RYOMA]
Wow, what're the odds?
Now hold on a second.
Do the two of you
already know each other?
Uh-huh!
He's supported me in several
ways since moving to Gimul.
That's backwards.
In truth, Gimul's the one
that gets support from him.
I thought I might
see you around,
just not at Dinome's shop.
Well, I was doing
an adventuring job,
but what brings you
to this particular store?
Wanted to pop in and say hello
before the market began,
since this is one of the
magic item workshops
I frequent.
Bumping into you
was a bonus, though.
Yeah. Great timing!
But where have my manners gone?
Sincere apologies, I've yet to
properly greet you, haven't I?
Nah, I was just having
fun listening to you.
If you have Mister Serge's
seal of approval,
I should get to know
you better, too.
You can call me Dinome, kid.
[RYOMA]
Nice to meet you, Mister Dinome.
I'm Ryoma Takebayashi.
Got a little somethin' to
show you in the back room.
Invitation's open
to you as well.
That's if magic item
stuff interests you.
Are you sure?
Well, yeah!
[RYOMA]
Whoa!
You have permission to
poke your head around.
All I ask is you
not touch anything.
This way, Mister Serge.
[SERGE]
Coming!
So this is the latest and
greatest magimobile.
Though it looks the same
on the outside,
I improved the engine and
lightened the chassis.
[SERGE]
Oh ho ho!
[RYOMA] Always nice to find
someone who shares
a hobby with you.
I should stay out of it if
they're gonna talk shop.
Mister Dinome?
Is this thing over here
considered a magic item, too?
Huh?
Nuh-uh, nothing
magical about it.
Just your everyday carriage.
It's only in here 'cause
a neighbor of mine
asked me to repair it.
I'm astonished you agreed.
The Dinome I know
turns down any job
that isn't related
to magical items.
While you aren't wrong,
things change.
My grandson,
he kinda needs money,
so I take what I can get.
How touching.
You wish to buy your
grandson a gift, yes?
Well, perhaps I can
assist you in some way.
I would love to contribute
to a cause so noble!
Well, it's not a tangible gift.
I wanna send him to the academy.
So I've scrimped and saved
everything I can for tuition.
--Oh, for tuition?
--For tuition?
To the capital's school?
Uh-huh!
I think he might be a genius!
Anytime the kid overhears me
and the fellas talk about work--
[RYOMA]
Heh, doting granddad alert.
Here, give this little
doohickey a gander!
Ta-da!
[RYOMA] Your grandson
made this from scratch?
[DINOME]
He sure did!
Isn't it one of the
greatest contraptions
you've ever laid eyes on?
What had you accomplished when
you were four years old?
Not that I can sell this,
but you get it!
I think he took a liking to you.
Having a mutual friend helped.
Um, by the way,
whaddaya think I should do
with this thing?
Couldn't turn it down,
given how the conversation went.
You're a talented youngster,
so of course you get it!
I knew I liked you
from the beginning!
Why don't you take my grandson's
first creation? For luck!
[RYOMA]
Thank you, sir, I'm honored.
Keep it as a token of
your new friendship
with Mister Dinome.
If you try to return it,
I fear you'll disappoint
him and wound his pride.
Yeah, I think you're right.
[SERGE] What are your plans
for the rest of the day?
Any more jobs?
That was it.
I'm not ready to head
home yet, though.
I wanna stay for the market,
so reserving a room
at an inn somewhere
is next on my to-do list.
Oh, perfect!
I can show you the inn I'm
staying at for the duration
of my visit, if you'd like.
I'd also be willing
to escort you around
the market tomorrow.
Wow! Honestly?
Sure. It would be my pleasure.
Thanks a lot, Mister Serge.
I would love that.
I also like the idea
of staying at your inn.
[SERGE]
I'll let you get settled.
I have places to be
and people to see,
but I'll be back.
Nothing's scheduled
for dinner, though,
so I'd be happy
to dine with you.
Yeah! Me, too!
[CROWD chattering]
Okay. What to do now?
I can't really leave when
I don't know what time
Mister Serge will
be back, can I?
Maybe I can try and make
something with this.
Oh. Good, you're here.
I wasn't expecting you
so soon, Mister Serge!
I'm sure you're hungry,
so gimme just a second
and I'll be right there!
[CROWD laughing, chattering]
[RYOMA]
This place is popular.
Indeed. This is the night
before a big market.
Every tavern in town is packed.
What I find curious is
what you were working on
when I knocked at your door.
I've a feeling it was
a magic item of sorts.
You saw it, huh?
Boy, you've got a good eye.
Ha, I knew it!
Let me sneak a peek at this
new passion project of yours.
If you don't mind, of course.
Sure.
Don't mind in the slightest.
[SERGE]
A box?
[RYOMA]
A music box.
[music playing]
As the name suggests,
it plays little tunes.
More of a whimsical
toy than a useful tool.
[music playing]
You like it?
Yes! It's truly fascinating!
I've never seen such
a trinket in all my years.
Really?
There must be
something similar, no?
[SERGE]
No.
Many musical instruments
are also magic items,
but this is the first I've seen
that plays its own melody.
Mister Ryoma, you
mentioned it's more along
the lines of a toy,
but there are many nobles
and collectors who take delight
in such frivolous little things.
Put some effort into
its appearance,
and I see it selling quite well.
Not bringing this bright idea
to fruition would be a waste.
Um, I truly appreciate
the endorsement,
but I've got a laundry
business to run
and adventuring jobs to do.
I don't have the time
to commit to this.
Not alone, no.
But what about...
[WAITRESS A] Thank you
for waiting, gentlemen!
We've got two
sizzling hot steaks,
drizzled with herb butter,
fresh off the grill
just for you!
[RYOMA] Let's save that
discussion for later.
[SERGE]
Good thinking!
[RYOMA]
Thank you for the meal.
[SERGE] Thank you for
making another item
that's as interesting
as it is promising.
I know you're busy,
but if you think
these music boxes have
potential, like I do,
then you could commission
someone to make them.
That's true.
They could be a big hit.
But I have no idea
who I would hire.
Luckily, you have me
for suggestions, yes?
And my top pick for
that would have to be
Mister Dinome.
Especially considering
how well you two
hit it off today.
Hmm. His plate seems a little
too full for another burden.
He has the skill and knowledge
needed to craft magic items
like your music box, plus three
apprentices beneath him.
And why would he turn
down the opportunity
to put money in his
grandson's tuition fund?
You heard him say as
much with your own ears,
so I'm sure he would
appreciate any job offers
at the moment.
I have plans to meet
up with Mister Dinome
at tomorrow's market
and would be happy
to bring it up to him
if you'd like me to.
What do you think?
[RYOMA]
I think we should go for it.
[music box playing]
Dear Lady Eliaria Jamil,
I'm currently writing you from
a place called Keleban.
Have you heard of it?
The magic item
market I mentioned
in my previous letter
is being held here
and everything
kicks off tomorrow!
I wonder what wondrous
things I'll manage to find.
I'll be sure to keep
you posted on that.